# Trump Rally in Ballwin, Missouri Saturday

Reader Rick reminded me that there's a Trump rally closer to St. Louis on Saturday. He provides a link to the Facebook page.

> If you can’t make it to Jeff City, here is another opportunity on Saturday, March 4, 11-1. Vlasis Park, Balwin [https://www.facebook.com/events/1227190650721092](https://www.facebook.com/events/1227190650721092) See you there!

Thanks, Rick!

### DETAILS

### MARCH 4 11 am to 1pm 14811 Manchester Rd, BALLWIN 63011 VLASIS PARK *

**97.1 FM Emcee Marc Cox**
Alyssa and Celeste Drinkard perform National Anthem

* Speakers include:
* Missouri State Senator Andrew Koenig
* State Representative David Gregory
* Radio personality Super Dave
* <span class="text_exposed_show">Activist Chris Arps</span>
* <span class="text_exposed_show">Stephanie Rubach, R.N. on Obamacare</span>
* <span class="text_exposed_show">StL Republican Central Committee Chair Bruce Buwalda</span>
* <span class="text_exposed_show">Tim Jones, Former Missouri Speaker of the House</span>

**AR-15 Raffle from Defensor Tactical to support Thin Blue Line K-9**
**Trump** Merchandise and Patriotic T-shirt Vendors
**Photo fun with our Life-size Donald Trump stand-up**
SPofA T's and rally towels

**PARKING**
*Parking in Vlasis Park is limited, so you may want to consider these options that are often used during the annual Ballwin Days festivals:

Park and short walk from
1.School/Ballfield parking lot south side of Manchester on Ballpark Drive. (Park and walk north on Ballpark Drive across Manchester up to Kehrs Mill and keep right to the park)
2.Retail parking lots off Reis and Manchester, across Manchester from Vlasis Park and City Center. (Park then walk up to cross Manchester at Reis Road signal and walk north directly into Vlasis Park)
3.Retail parking off of Holloway, north side of Manchester, just west of Vlasis Park. (Park and walk east on Kehrs Mill Road across Holloway, continuing east behind Fire Department toward Vlasis Park)

**Q. Why are we having the rallies?**

A. We are organizing the rallies so the grassroots everyday citizens can show support for President Trump and his “Contract with the American Voter” to “Make America Great Again” in a positive, upbeat manner.
We want to show Americans and the world why we support President Trump and that the vast majority of Americans who voted for him want to get on with our nation’s business influence public opinion in a positive way.

**Q. What can I expect at the rallies**?

A. You can expect to find like-minded fellow citizens who share our core conservative values. You can expect to hear our National Anthem. You can expect to hear informed and inspiring speakers. And you can expect to find diversity at the rallies; Main Street Patriots is non-partisan.

**Q. Can I bring signs to the rallies**?

A. Signs that support President Trump’s agenda for America in a positive manner are encouraged. You would need to check with the rally organizer(s) to make sure signs are allowed in compliance with local ordinances.

Find more about the events and how to setup your own rally at
[http://<wbr>mainstreetpatriots.us/<wbr>rally-faq/](http://mainstreetpatriots.us/rally-faq/)

For more info, please contact:

Mrs. Rene Artman
reneartman@hotmail.com

Becky Niehoff
beckykingniehoff@gmail.com

Edie Bargen
ediebargen@gmail.com